Update Cloud IDE IP address (#2402)
astronomer/docs: astro/cloud-ide/security.md

> Astro Cloud IDE requests can come from the following IP addresses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro Cloud IDE requests can come from the following IP address:
```

- `20.232.242.54`

> Add these IP addresses to your allowlist to run the Astro Cloud IDE in a private network. These IP addresses are subject to change. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add this IP address to your allowlist to run the Astro Cloud IDE in a private network. This address is subject to change. 
```
